Introduction

Ocamlua (sometimes stylized as OCamLua) is a high level API that
allows OCaml code to call Lua code.

Some features of the library:
* It is a high level API abstracting away low-level manipulations of
the Lua stack. The API consists of only 4 core functions and a couple
of convenience functions.
* It allows for callbacks from Lua code into OCaml code; any arbitrary
closure passed into the Lua code can be called like any other Lua
function
* Great care has been taken to ensure that the library is documented thoroughly.

License

OCamLua is licensed under the terms of the Apache License V2.0. If for
some reason you want to use OCamLua and the terms of the license are
unacceptable please contact me and we'll see what we can work out.

Requirements

This API is designed to work with Lua 5.2 only. It's possible that if
there is considerable interest in a 5.1 version that 5.1 will be
supported. You will need the shared libraries and the header files
installed before you can build this software. You will also need the
ocaml build chain. If you wish to use the provided OMakefile you'll
need the Omake executables. Finally, the unit tests use oUnit.

Building

Included is an OMakefile that automatically builds the library. The
OMake project doesn't have very good support for building shared
OCaml/C libraries so support may be shaky. Please report any problems
you may have.

To build the test simply run "omake ocamlua_test" and run the
executable of the same name.

Documentation

To get the documentation for the OCamLua library simply run ocamldoc
on the ocamlua.mli file. Consult the official documentation for the
full array of options.